Add Infura tutorials (#45)
ConsenSys/doc.quorum-key-manager: docs/Tutorials/SendMetaTxn.md

---
Description: How to sign a meta-transaction with QKM and send to Infura ITX
---

# Send a meta-transaction

This tutorial walks you through signing a meta-transaction with Quorum Key Manager (QKM) and sending it to Infura
Transactions (ITX).
This tutorial is an extension of the [Connect to an Infura endpoint tutorial](ConnectInfura.md) and uses the Rinkeby testnet.

## Prerequisites

Follow steps 1 to 5 in the [Connect to an Infura endpoint tutorial](ConnectInfura.md).

> This should give you an Ethereum account with a new address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This gives you an Ethereum account with a new address.
```

   You can use Etherscan to check that the faucet gave you ETH.

1. Deposit ETH into the Infura deposit contract using QKM `infura-node`.
   The following example uses the sample deposit contract `0x015C7C7A7D65bbdb117C573007219107BD7486f9`:

    === "curl HTTP request"

        ```bash
        curl --location --request POST 'https://localhost:8080/nodes/infura-node' \
            --header 'Authorization: Basic YWRtaW4tdXNlcg==' \
            --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
            --data-raw '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_sendTransaction",
                "params":[
                    {"from": "<MY_ETH_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>",
                    "to": "0x015C7C7A7D65bbdb117C573007219107BD7486f9",
                    "gas": "0x65000",
                    "gasPrice": "0x1000000000",
                    "value": "0x1000000000000000"}
                    ], "id":3
                }
                '
        ```

    === "JSON result"

        ```bash
        {
            "jsonrpc": "2.0",
            "result": "0xff1bd105d7254789b6fc5e18639e2395068108d66bcfe728e5f792295b7526be",
            "error": null,
            "id": 3
        }
        ```

>     The response should yield the transaction hash for the successful deposit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The response yields the transaction hash for the successful deposit.
```

    You can use Etherscan to check that the deposit went through:

    ![Etherscan deposit](../Images/EtherscanDeposit.png)

1. Build a message to be sent to a test contract.

>    In this example, the message is `Hello world!, 6210 was here`, which translates to the following Ethereum message:

Reviewer 2: Message sent is "Hello world!, 6l20 was here"

    ```text
    0xf15da7290000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001b48656c6c6f20776f726c64212c20366c32302077617320686572650000000000
    ```

    The hash of the Ethereum message is:

    ```text
    bf11b3f509e51cbb52070358c5bfadd9047ee9750e865f8f1b1ad125df65e853
    ```

1. Use QKM to sign the message hash, replacing `<MY_ETH_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>` with your Ethereum account address:

    ```bash
    curl --location --request POST 'https://localhost:8080/stores/eth-accounts/ethereum/<MY_ETH_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>/sign-message' \
        --header 'Authorization: Basic YWRtaW4tdXNlcg==' \
        --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
        --data-raw '{
            "message": "0xbf11b3f509e51cbb52070358c5bfadd9047ee9750e865f8f1b1ad125df65e853"
        }'
    ```

>     This should give you a valid signature, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This gives you a valid signature, such as:
```
